JFK 
Azealia Banks

[Verse 1: Azealia Banks]
First lady in the floor, I'm s*** in Dioré
As we go on and on and on, from the dust till the dawn
Fully vamping in the song, it's a ball not a prom
Have a ball at the bar, at the promenade
Yo shorty with the gorge, the allure of a star
They applaud and in, the chips in her palm
What's a pidgeon to a swan, a queen to a pawn
Luxury is on looking to explore the bambi on the lawn
Red carpet to the car and a garment from the guards
I drips in the garden, you a target for the star
Assassinate the look murderin' the gown
Fashion killer the body on the ground
Get the picture nobody fit the crown
She's the winner the lobby with the smile
Jet black weave ‘bout the length of a mile
Jet black feet while I clever craft styles
Miss I'll flip this and dip-dip twaow!
Miss, I been this, you must've missed out
Dope when dressed up, ya boy strung out
His Girl pressed, now behave, calm down
Sip on old grapes and be laid lounge
Baby you look late, come peep my now
Giving them good taste, the great's don't have
Mommy keep blaze, better get that cake
Shimmy it on stage, I'm giving them good face
Somebody on her page, somebody is amazed
It's just another day for the dame, just another day for the dame

[Chorus: Azealia Banks]
I am miss icon and I swore, I saw
A shade of green on ya and I took (I took)
Time to teach ya, taught an allure (allure)
A la-Da-Dy you wasn't before
Finer, Free, High-Modern and more (and more)
You favor me, now how I adore ya! (Do you?)
Dine or Tea? Italian For two? (For two?)
A day to be around here with you!

[Verse 2: Theophilus London]
(Hey! )
Grand champ, it's the bougie - the handsome
Romance in advance, hit ya boo on her Samsung
Beach bunnies, from Aruba to Cancun
Ya bitch save money just to move with the anthem
So prepare my niggas, gourmet grape taste, we rare my niggas
He where? He wear flair, beware my niggas
You scared, you see-through, you clear my nigga
You boys Scooby and Doo, I'm really groovy and frost
You niggas cooped in a hoop, I'm Cooley High in the Porsche
I put these niggas on mute, to whom it may not concern
I got the bitch with the juice, you got the bitch with the germ
2Pac in the coup, Westside with the herb
I got a flock of the hoots, a-list of the birds
White model the muse, Arizona the first
I took a trip from the Moon, to jfk for that work

[Reprise: Azealia Banks]
I am Miss Icon
I've seen you all of green, high-modern miss
I taught - I'll teach you how to allure!
Dine or Tea, Italian miss
I oughta meet ya darling
How finer free now how I adore - ya!
I am Miss Icon
I've seen you all of green, high-modern miss
I taught - I'll teach you how to allure!
Dine or Tea, Italian miss
I oughta meet ya darling
How finer free now how I adore

[Chorus: Azealia Banks]
I am miss icon and I swore, I saw
A shade of green on ya and I took (I took)
Time to teach ya, taught an allure (allure)
A la-Da-Dy you wasn't before
Finer, Free, High-Modern and more (and more)
You favor me, now how I adore ya! (Do you?)
Dine or Tea? Italian For two? (For two?)
A day to be around here with you!


